portal

search by keyword
search by url

owner can sign up for a portal
he can add categories
he can add links to each category
his users can submit links
	this submitted link will be sent to the owner
	he can approve the submitted link and it will be added
his users when viewing results will see a link to tell a friend
	they can suggest this portal to their friends
when a page is added, it will be read by the robot and will be indexed
owner can also remove the added link
when the link is removed, it corresponding entries in the index will also be removed
when the link is added, it name, description, url will be noted
	a link can be added in multiple categories
at the top of each page there will be ads
	as of now these ads will be from amazon.com
users can signup for alerts when a new page, sub-category is added in a specific directory, or the whole portal
users can rate the page by clicking 'rate the relavancy' links
'can't find what you are looking for?' link will ask users to start a new portal so that they can add good content
'report bad information' link will let user tell that the data is bad and the email will be sent to the portal owner and me
'create your own portal' link will be in all pages and will tell users how they can create a portal of their own and make money
any person can create a portal for a fee of $50 per month. In this time, the ads in the results pages will have his id.
    if he fails to pay the fee, the ads will have my id. these portal are called orphans
'adopt a portal' link will let users own an orphan portal.


articles
	how to make money by owning a portal
		create a niche portal, choose a topic that is very specific, not general
		give the alternate keywords for this niche
			to get the alternate keywords, go to ppc, search engine, 
	how to find good pages for your portal
		google, yahoo, ppc, howstuffworks, askjeeves, yahoo directory, dmoz directory, 
		news, wikipedia, bitpipe (for white papers), newsisfree, zdnet.co.uk, cnet.com,
		technorati, del.icio.us, www.europa.eu.int, factiva, and also our other portals
	how to promote your portal
		send the emails to your friends and ask them to spread the word
		invite your friends to submit a url to your portal
		


portal		quilt, weightloss, creditcards
category	about, designs, shops, freebies
url		www.grepin.com/cgi-bin/webscr.pl, www.simpleweightlosstips.com/article1.html

create your own portal
adopt a portal
delete a portal (will send an email to me to delete it)

add category
delete category (will send an email to me to delete it and will tell owner that the request has been submitted)
	should only delete the category in this portal. The category should still be active in other portals.

add url
delete url (will send an email to me to delete it and will tell owner that the request has been submitted)
	should only delete the url in this category. This url should still be active in other categories.
submit url (will send an email to the owner and will tell user that the request has been submitted)

can't find what you're looking for?
report bad pages
create an alert
have a suggestion?


tell a friend


2 tracking databases
	1. emails received reporting bad pages (pending to be processed)
	2. emails processed deleting them 
